---
layout: post
title: Old OpenBSD Postfix main.cf
---

{% include panel_start.html header=page.title %}
<pre>
# Global Postfix configuration file. This file lists only a subset
# of all parameters. For the syntax, and for a complete parameter
# list, see the postconf(5) manual page (command: "man 5 postconf").
#
# For common configuration examples, see BASIC_CONFIGURATION_README
# and STANDARD_CONFIGURATION_README. To find these documents, use
# the command "postconf html_directory readme_directory", or go to
# http://www.postfix.org/BASIC_CONFIGURATION_README.html etc.
#
# For best results, change no more than 2-3 parameters at a time,
# and test if Postfix still works after every change.

# Where is the postfix queue?
queue_directory = /var/spool/postfix

# Where are postXXX commands?
command_directory = /usr/bin

# Where are the postfix daemons?
daemon_directory = /usr/lib/postfix/bin

# Where is postfix-writeable data?
data_directory = /var/lib/postfix

# Who to run postfix as?
mail_owner = postfix

# What's my FQDN?
myhostname = phii.iix.se

# What's my domain name?
mydomain = iix.se

# Where are my mail sent from?
myorigin = $mydomain

# Which interfaces to I listen on?
inet_interfaces = all

# I think this is to which target's I email?
mydestination = $myhostname, localhost.$mydomain, localhost, $mydomain

# How I reject mail (550 = reject mail, 450 = try again later)
unknown_local_recipient_reject_code = 550

# Who do I trust? (I think this is forwarding or something)
mynetworks_style = host

# If you change the alias database, run "postalias /etc/aliases" (or
# wherever your system stores the mail alias file), or simply run
# "newaliases" to build the necessary DBM or DB file.
#
# It will take a minute or so before changes become visible.  Use
# "postfix reload" to eliminate the delay.
alias_maps = hash:/etc/postfix/aliases

# The alias_database parameter specifies the alias database(s) that
# are built with "newaliases" or "sendmail -bi".  This is a separate
# configuration parameter, because alias_maps (see above) may specify
# tables that are not necessarily all under control by Postfix.
# What does this mean? Your guess is as good as mine
alias_database = $alias_maps

# Allow email tags
# See canonical(5) local(8), relocated(5) and virtual(5) for effects
recipient_delimiter = +

# Debug level
debug_peer_level = 2

# The debugger_command specifies the external command that is executed
# when a Postfix daemon program is run with the -D option.
#
# Use "command .. & sleep 5" so that the debugger can attach before
# the process marches on. If you use an X-based debugger, be sure to
# set up your XAUTHORITY environment variable before starting Postfix.
#
debugger_command =
	 PATH=/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/X11R6/bin
	 ddd $daemon_directory/$process_name $process_id & sleep 5

# If you can't use X, use this to capture the call stack when a
# daemon crashes. The result is in a file in the configuration
# directory, and is named after the process name and the process ID.
#
# debugger_command =
#	PATH=/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/bin; export PATH; (echo cont;
#	echo where) | gdb $daemon_directory/$process_name $process_id 2>&1
#	>$config_directory/$process_name.$process_id.log & sleep 5
#

# The full pathname of the Postfix sendmail command.
sendmail_path = /usr/bin/sendmail

# The full pathname of the Postfix newaliases command.
newaliases_path = /usr/bin/newaliases

# The full pathname of the Postfix mailq command.
mailq_path = /usr/bin/mailq

# setgid_group: The group for mail submission and queue management
# commands.  This must be a group name with a numerical group ID that
# is not shared with other accounts, not even with the Postfix account.
#
setgid_group = postdrop

# html_directory: The location of the Postfix HTML documentation.
html_directory = no

# manpage_directory: The location of the Postfix on-line manual pages.
manpage_directory = /usr/share/man

# sample_directory: The location of the Postfix sample configuration files.
# This parameter is obsolete as of Postfix 2.1. but it feels nice to keep it
sample_directory = /etc/postfix/sample

# readme_directory: The location of the Postfix README files.
readme_directory = /usr/share/doc/postfix

# Protocol to use (I only have ipv4 so I can deploy it everywhere)
inet_protocols = ipv4

## Make sure we look in /etc/hosts first
lmtp_host_lookup = native
smtp_host_lookup = native

# Fix issue with smtpd not finding certs
smtpd_tls_CAfile = /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt
smtpd_tls_cert_file = /etc/postfix/ssl/newcert.pem
smtpd_tls_key_file = /etc/postfix/ssl/privkey.key

# Do I still need this? Yes? No? Maybe?
compatibility_level = 2
</pre>
{% include panel_end.html %}
